As I already know, the fairy will be tricking Lank the entire time. Then you
will beat Cannon for the fairy. after you defeat Cannon, Dark Lank will
appear and try to take your Squareforce, but you will have lost it. You then
have to find it. Zeldo and Cannon recover then talk to you. They say that
Ivan must have wiped your memory. They bring up what happened 7 years ago
They show that Zeldo was with Lank in the Temple of Memories to pay respects
to Novi. Zeldo was attacked after the screen got dark and a ghost thing
(Ivan) attacked her. Cannon came to rescue her and Lank stayed after to try
and fight the thing. It shows Zeldo and Cannon talking and they agreed to
put what's left of Hiroll on alert and keeping Zeldo in the cage to prevent
the darkness from overtaking her. They tell Lank that he has to find the key
and get the squareforce if he has any chance at beating Ivan.

Lank ends up going to the Temple of Memories and meets Ivan there. Ivan
locks the gate and talks to the Ghost of the Temple with you. Ivan asks to
see your memories. The ghost says: "You know I can only perform a memory
exchange, right?" Ivan says: "That's fine, he can see my memories, I have
nothing to hide." The Ghost shows you his memories. After all the
flashbacks, you see Ivan dart off saying: "You tricked me ghost! You didn't
tell me that I wouldn't be able to see his wiped memories. I'll deal with
you later." Then Ivan leaves. You are left alone with the ghost. The Ghost
tells you that he can show you a memory that Ivan doesn't know about, if
Lank pays up power orbs of course. The Ghost shows its own memory of wiping
Lanks memories, seeing a key, and taking it. Then hiding it in a grave.

After that memory, Lank has to obtain bombs in order to blow up the grave.
Once Lank blows up the grave, he sees his key in there. Lank then goes to
the chest in his house and finds the Squareforce there. Lank then just needs
to find Ivan. Lank has to return to the castle. When he returns, Ivan is
there with Cannon and Zeldo in cages. Ivan says that he was no match for
Cannon without a squareforce, but now that he has two squareforces, he could
take on anyone especially Lank. Lank is the last hope.

Lank fights Ivan and Ivan has multiple forms, but Ivan loses in the end and
curses Lank. Ivan then explodes when you stab him with the master sword.
Zeldo and Cannon's cage are opened. Everyone celebrates. And people are
outside again. Then there are credits as it is showing people outside. At
the end of the credits, it says to play again with hard mode.

When you play again, Zeldo tells you that she created a portal to play hard
mode. Only your memories remain. You play through the game as normal. Maybe
if there is a part that shows you remember something, then something
different happens. But near the end of the game when you talk to the Spirit
of Memories, Ivan sees your memories of beating the game and playing again
with hard mode. He leaves without saying anything this time. Ivan steals the
square force and goes straight to the Temple of Memories. When you try to
open the chest in your room, it is empty. Then the screen shakes and
glitches. No one is inside Canon's castle this time. Instead Zeldo and
Cannon go to the Temple of Memories. When you are there, you see the gate to
the cartridge open. You go inside to reveal a room that is the final fight
with Ivan. The Ivan fight is similar to the last one, he is a bit stronger
too, because he changed his code. He has some glitch moves this time.

The credits show all the people outside again with cutscenes in the Temple
of Memories also. If you play the cart a bit more, Zeldo will talk about
super hard mode being a bad idea. You will also be able to go to reset the
cartridge at the Temple of Memories. If you reset the cartridge, the game
will be the same, but Lank and Ivan will switch sprites and names.
